README.md, before:

# Web App

A simple web application workspace with git version control.

## Project Structure

```
.
├── .github/
│   └── copilot-instructions.md
├── .gitignore
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── styles.css          # Stylesheet
├── script.js           # JavaScript file
├── package.json        # Project configuration
└── README.md           # This file
```

## Getting Started

This is a basic web app template ready for your custom instructions.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm (optional, for development server)
- A modern web browser

### Running the App

**Option 1: Simple file opening**
- Open `index.html` directly in your web browser

**Option 2: Development server (requires Node.js)**
1. Install Node.js from https://nodejs.org/ if not already installed
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   This will automatically open the app in your browser at http://localhost:8080

## Git Repository

The workspace is initialized with git. Files are tracked and committed.

### Common Git Commands

- `git status` - Check current status
- `git add .` - Stage all changes
- `git commit -m "message"` - Commit changes
- `git log` - View commit history

## Next Steps

Ready to receive your custom instructions for building out the application!

Commit message:

Update all files with latest toolbar, panels, and drawing features

README.md, after:

# Runway Calculation Tool

Interactive tile placement and calculation system for runway configurations.

## Project Structure

```
.
├── .github/
│   └── copilot-instructions.md
├── .gitignore
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── styles.css          # Stylesheet
├── script.js           # JavaScript file
├── package.json        # Project configuration
└── README.md           # This file
```

## Getting Started

This is a basic web app template ready for your custom instructions.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm (optional, for development server)
- A modern web browser

### Running the App

**Option 1: Simple file opening**
- Open `index.html` directly in your web browser

**Option 2: Development server (requires Node.js)**
1. Install Node.js from https://nodejs.org/ if not already installed
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
   This will automatically open the app in your browser at http://localhost:8080

## Git Repository

The workspace is initialized with git. Files are tracked and committed.

### Common Git Commands

- `git status` - Check current status
- `git add .` - Stage all changes
- `git commit -m "message"` - Commit changes
- `git log` - View commit history

## Next Steps

Ready to receive your custom instructions for building out the application!
